Lower the neckline. Necklines in previous decades were often higher and more restrictive than the necklines of today's gowns. Therefore, you can update your high-necked gown by removing the upper neckband. Sometimes gowns have a natural removal point at the neckline where the neck and gown fabric join. However, with others, you will need to remove the neckline symmetrically and finish off the edges with matching bias tape. Do this by sewing the tape to the neckline with right sides together, and folding the tape to the inside. Press the tape in place with a cool iron to set it in place.

Remove the sleeves. If your gown's sleeves are too cumbersome for your liking, transform them into narrow, three-quarter length sleeves, or remove them altogether. Finish off the edge by sewing matching bias tape to the armscye (armhole).If, however, your dress is both long sleeved and high necked, do not remove both elements, as this can destroy the vintage appeal.

Shorten the hemline. Although the first short wedding dress was created by Coco Chanel in the 1920s, short gowns still have a modern appeal. Shorten a floor-length gown to a tea-length dress. This also helps rid your dress of any stains. Mark your vestidos cortos de coctel measurement with pins and cut the dress using a rotary cutter. Finish the edge with a serging stitch on your sewing machine or serger to prevent vestidos cortos de coctel

Add illusion sleeves. To soften the stiff strapless dresses of the 1950s, add illusion sleeves to the dress. These are made out of a soft netted tulle and are fitted closely to the body. You can also extend the sleeves to create a neckline as well, making the dress appropriate for formal religious weddings.

Update the beading. Sequins have a tendency vestidos de noche sencillos to deteriorate over time, and they leave indentations in the fabric. Remove the old sequins and hand sew long-lasting glass beads instead. In this way, you can keep the vintage design of the embellishment without the outdated vestidos de noche sencillos
